## 12/12/24

I now have a decent draft of this new idea to use as a first commit for GitHub. Hooray. Obviously I'm looking for this to be more entertaining than it currently is, because as much of the mechanics work, it's just ... so mundane. I need to change that. I need to generate some ideas. Matter of fact, I literally can with the help of Q. I can't remember if I've used Q for help with ideas in the past, but I've certainly used Cursor to perform this task in the time I'd spent working exclusively with it. But I wanna see what Q would have in mind for me to make this game even cooler. I have a feeling I'll get similar suggestions to what I'd gotten before when I completed a draft with decent gameplay and mechanics. If I had to make exactly two predictions, I'd say it would recommend a change in the background as well as music and sounds whose volumes the player can control. These would not be bad changes to make, and I believe these to be the same two that come up each time. So I'll definitely ask and see if those come up. Other than that, I'm actually not sure what else this game needs. Although I have pondered having the actual game be zoomed in so that the more the player moves in the right direction, one of the map points can just appear. That way it'll be kind of like a fun surprise or something. If there was a way to do that, I'd love to take a crack at it. I'll figure out a way to ask Q to do this for me, if I can convey it all correctly. I think how I wrote it just now isn't such a bad way, but I guess we'll see if that does the trick. Also, fun fact: this idea started out as just a series of pages you would navigate between to learn all the ways you could design a basic game. Essentially you're just pressing buttons and reading information, but I wanted to turn that into an actual gameplay thing where you're playing a game about making a game. I thought it'd be worthwhile to have an actual game element tied together with reading useful information about how to get started making them. So that explains why the name of this repo is "I wanna make a new game but it's a game". That's why. The last project was just called "I wanna make a new game", with no means of already having a game. I think this is much better and certainly more playable.

## 12/13/24

So a couple of interesting things happened. When I asked Q for advice on what to add to my game, I initially asked for it to be added to my README. But when I applied the task results, Q ended up erasing what I'd already written on my README the day before. I didn't want this to be the case and asked it to try again, but it still replaced my entry with a new set of entries. So I decided to go another way about it and just chat with Q about things to add that I could just write down here to summarize. It turns out that what file you have selected at the time is very crucial to how Q talks to you and especially where it gets information from. Supposedly Q is just looking at the same thing you're looking at and basing any responses off of that. I did not know this going in, so when Q had told me it couldn't form a very detailed response I wondered what I had done wrong. Thankfully, Q mentioned that it was only going from the README file, which is what I had been working on recently. From there I thought, well if I just switch over to the HTML file, Q will be able to have a look at that one and potentially give me a very different answer? Because Q's answer was based on README's contents, it was more in the realm of brainstorming suggestions based on vague ideas, which I do find helpful. I did want to try again so that Q may have a much, much stronger context of what I was working on. So I opened a new chat with Q and asked the very same question, only difference being what file I selected. From there, Q did give me a very different answer, this time including lines of code as examples. I was delighted to see how different the approach was from the first time, as I wasn't sure my plan was actually going to work. But now I have answers based on the details of both my HTML and MD files, both of which should be of very good use. I think both answers may be rather similar anyway, only one literally has code that can be integrated (and maybe instructions on where to stick it, I dunno I didn't read it very thoroughly), but either way I've made the effort of copying both of these answers and pasting them in full into a new README file called QREADME1.md (QREADME.md was taken because I wanted to preserve what Q wrote over my original README entry). So I now have plenty of options at the ready for where to take this game, and I'm pretty excited about that.